[docs] Remove llms full-context bundle files (#48574)
expo/expo: docs/pages/llms.mdx

The above method is useful when you want to give an AI agent context about a specific topic or page without overwhelming it with the full HTML of that page.

## Documentation index

> At Expo, we support the [llms.txt](https://llmstxt.org/) initiative to provide documentation for large language models (LLMs) and apps that use them.

Author: ```suggestion
Expo supports the [llms.txt](https://llmstxt.org/) initiative to provide documentation for large language models (LLMs) and apps that use them.
```
